  Before I talk about coding challenges, I want to talk about the creative challenges because it was a lot harder than I anticipated to create a story for a visual novel and I had to scrap a couple ideas that just didn't make sense uncomplete or would be too ambitous for a first visual novel. And the art took way longer than anticipated as well.

The technical and coding challenges:
  Renpy was hard to set up, I'm not sure why, but it was stuck in an endless loop of downloading for a while. Then it was difficult for me to figure out a good way to organize my story because sometimes it's beneficial to go in chronological order but because of the choices inside choices that can't always happen. I eventually settled into the flow of organizing it with labels though. I wanted to include some if statements that would allow for something different to happen after the 3rd or 4th time picking the same choice, but I couldn't figure it out or find anything on the inernet with a similar problem. 
  
  I really enjoyed making a visual novel because it's a pretty unique way of telling a story and allows for seamless transfers to narration and even 4th wall breaks. I'm glad I ended up with this idea for my final project because I'm now looking forward to finishing this over the summer and maybe even using my original idea, now that I have a feel for the medium :) I wish I spent less time worrying about the story because as I added to the actual file, story problems came up and I solved them and created new problems which led the visual novel in a direction I didn't plan on but felt better for the medium.
